in terms of Arsenal what is in your like
best moment I've been watching a school
to be an asshole fan uh I've had so many
good moments of Arsenal man as a fan as
a soph like oh but I know I'm say a
colleague but I've worked they have done
some back reporting for different
media's and stuff and experienced a
whole different kind of you know wealth
of Arsenal and in you know step away
from Wenger watching him doing
post-match interviews you know just
seeing certain things that you know
people might not ever get to see been in
the media room and you know that was an
amazing experience but terms of the fan
perspective they've been suppose is
definitely be the one of the labor
disaster one of the greatest
achievements in the Premier League
history and uh just to know that my team
done that and we're the only one to have
a gold Premier League trophy makes me
feel proud so we're doing well at the
moment where do you think also kit end
up this season we're gonna win the
league man what you mean we're gonna win
it we're winning league I'm telling ya
winning the league yeah I should have
put a bet on one of my mates put a
cheeky better to start the season you
put that 20 pound or something I swear
if he wins he's gonna buy a new house
basically yes it's this that silly like
the odds are just a joke obviously lost
in the last season no one swing can also
gonna win but but realistically
obviously I love to we could still win
it mathematically mathematically that's
how you say it lv the lvg um yeah you
know what if we win the FA cup and we
finished second you know I could you
know you know i'll give you an go up and
back it's progress so um yeah if we can
hold on in a position i'll be up i'll be
pleased but we need to start going for
the title now you know we haven't won
the title for how many years and it's
like yeah we won every Cup cool but will
it start challenging the Chelsea's and I
menses so um but yeah you know we're
still in it oh so you never know but
realistically if we could finish second
i'll be happy without with a trophy a
finesse oh that's a good season public
or improve though I want to
I sunk of you going off of the awesome
topic quickly top gear Oh going on I see
you and it snapped at you like maybe it
makes sense what is going on I that's
what up in the air at the moment it's
funny cuz I'm I've got asked a question
and i just put added i'm up for the job
and it's filled back to them and there's
been talks internally about what's going
on with a surefire i know this shows a
bit in limbo at the moma don't know what
is going on but i'm available man if
that if that if they if they want the
basil just let me know in it cuz i just
feel like i think i think the show need
to revamp anyway man i mean i love the
show and he's funny ivan clots and stuff
but you know I finish her there's a
demographic of people that definitely
not getting touched and I think a mix-up
I think having an old fogey like I don't
know Hammond or something and then bring
a little young buck in you know who can
show them you know the new school cuz
you know things have changed man you
know I mean and uh and yeah I think they
need to this week k for everyone because
everyone you know a lot people into
driving and all that's cause so I think
some pool and they they they try and
tick all the boxes but um I will see man
you know if then if it happens you know
i'll definitely you know let my friends
first to know but yeah we don't talk you
know you never know i think i've got an
exclusive can you confirm it for me cuz
in an interview you did say you want to
get teary on me in this oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah we got thierry still I want to
try get some a bridge from him and I
want some of them French ad-libs so we
got four Thierry